---
slug: v1.1
title: v1.1 - Our new contract & waiver integration
date: 2024-08-27
---

# v1.1 - Our new contract & waiver integration

Excited to announce our new contract integration in Let's Book! Customers can now easily sign waivers or contracts and snap photos before or after their trip. We're excited to partner with WaiverForever, a modern and affordable platform that makes managing all these documents a breeze.

## How it works

**Booking confirmation with link**

After booking, your customer receives a booking confirmation with a waiver link. They can easily click the link to access the waiver form.

**Sign the waiver or contract**

Customers can sign the waiver electronically. You can configure whether only the primary renter needs to sign, or if all passengers must sign the waiver.

**Check and sign on-site**

As a boat rental owner, you can see in Let's Book which waivers are signed. If necessary, customers can sign the waiver at the dock before departure.

You decide when your customers should sign the contracts and waivers.

## The perfect timing

**Whenever they like**

Ensure a smooth start to their adventure by allowing them to sign the waiver at their convenience before departure.

**On a tablet at the dock**

Let them quickly and easily sign the waiver on a tablet provided by you or a staff member at the dock.

**Scan a QR Code at the Dock**

For their convenience, show them a unique QR code at the dock to scan and sign the waiver on their own device.

We have effectively integrated the waivers into the system. You can easily view the waiver status for each booking directly in your schedule, and you can also filter by waiver status in the bookings overview.

## Convenient for daily use

Ready to integrate waivers into Let's Book? Check out our article on how to get started, with a step-by-step guide to make the process smooth and simple:

## Get started

[Show instructions](https://support.letsbook.app/article/144-documents-waivers-and-contracts)

## Overview

Other smaller updates:

- Some bug fixes
- [Multilingual](https://dashboard.letsbook.app/account/profile) Dashboard (Beta)